Add support for weighted quantiles in geom_violin() (#6853)
tidyverse/ggplot2: NEWS.md

* `theme(strip.placement.x)` and `theme(strip.placement.y)` can be used for more
  granular control of strip placement when facetting. These have existed for some
  time but were not previously documented (@arcresu, #6827).

> * Added support for weighted quantiles in `geom_density` (@hughjonesd)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added support for weighted quantiles in `geom_violin()` (@hughjonesd, #6853)
```
